# About

Everyone has their own style of code, the best, no other compares.
Line spacing, indentation distance, and comments differ by person.
For those reasons, code can quickly become unreadable... Unless...

You have the author properly document how the code is commented!!
Yes, it extends the number of lines in a program, but better know
what the code is doing quickly than practice reverse engineering!

Find within this repository how I comment verbosely and directly!
Please pull request code insufficiently or incorrectly commented.



# License
All code is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0...
Please contact the Free Software Foundation for complete license.


 
# Structure
## Overall structure is as follows:

The program header is always at the top of the program before all
other code. Acts as a reference and quick access since I use vim!

## Comment structure is as follows:

-Function headers appear at the top of the function as a comment.

-Varaible headers only occur at the first instance called. If not
then the code will quickly become impractically long and bulky...
Even more so in python that has class headers and object headers!
I only know so many languages so if there are others that require
other kinds of headers to add. Check the repository for updates!!

## My code structure is as follows:

-Imports are at the first line of uncommented code under a single
line comment labeled as IMPORTS.

-Global Variables are under imports if the program has need for a
global variable. I try my best to avoid them at all costs. If you
find a way to dispose of the pesky buggers then go ahead and many
thanks in advance for doing so. It is good practice and habit yet
as I am not the best programmer sometimes it feels unavoidable...
Make code better where possible.

-Functions are underneath those darn global variables. Sometimes,
there are calls to other prgrams. Working out resolution for when
references call outside program.

-Calls are at the last segment of the program. Again I am not the
best programmer so it may differ for a languages down the road...


## My Indentation Distances/Line Spacings are as follows:

-Indentation distances for visual asthetic are usually two spaces
if I am feeling lazy it might just be a tab. Full tabs make blegh
visuals, especially when trying to be concise and thorough to the
reader of the code. It does make things easier for blocks of code
to be seen on the page. A remedy is to use proper line spacing!!!

-Line spacing is usually three lines between major code structure
(IMPORTS/GLOBAL VARIABLES/FUNCTIONS/CALLS). Single spaces between
minor blocks of code (most notably between functions inside major
code structure name (FUNCTIONS).
---
# Star to watch for updated code!!
